README.md, before:

# READ THIS AIDAN:
Whenever you update a file, label the file ending as "(Not Reviewed)"! As you can see, I have done this with the Main class, and the new Window class. This label lets us know which files have not been read/copied into the school Macs. If you have read a file that was labeled "Not Reviewed", then change the label to "Not Copied". This way, when we are in enrichment class, we can see which files have not been copied into the Macs, then we will copied the files that were updated. Just wanted to let you know ;). Example File Names: 

For files you haven't read:
"Main Class (Not Reviewed)"

For files you have read:
"Main Class (Not Copied)"

For files copied into the school computers:
"Main Class (Updated)"

Thanks for understanding, and make sure you check github daily for updates!

# About Us:
This is the repository that Aidan & Bryce are posting code to so they can link computers from school to their own. This allows for a cleaner workspace, and wouldn't be possible without Frank. 

# Thanks Frank

Commit message:

READ THIS AIDAN!!!
Important Information about how we will manage the repository!

README.md, after:

# READ THIS AIDAN:
Whenever you update a file, label the file ending as "(Not Reviewed)"! As you can see, I have done this with the Main class, and the new Window class. This label lets us know which files have not been read/copied into the school Macs. If you have read a file that was labeled "Not Reviewed", then change the label to "Not Copied". This way, when we are in enrichment class, we can see which files have not been copied into the Macs, then we will copied the files that were updated. Just wanted to let you know ;). Example File Names: 

For files you haven't read:
"Main Class (Not Reviewed)"

For files you have read:
"Main Class (Not Copied)"

For files copied into the school computers:
"Main Class (Updated)"

Thanks for understanding, and make sure you check github daily for updates!

(If you have fully read this, change this line to '#THANKSFRANK')

# About Us:
This is the repository that Aidan & Bryce are posting code to so they can link computers from school to their own. This allows for a cleaner workspace, and wouldn't be possible without Frank. 

# Thanks Frank
